1.  Compare the application logs before and after you exposed it as a Service. Try to open the app several times while the proxy into the Service is running. What do you see in the logs? Does the number of logs increase each time you open the app?
Before the app is exposed as a service, the log only contains the message that states that a HTTP server is started and is listening to port :8080 and an UDP server is started and listening to port :8081. Exposing the app as a service allows us to interact and communicate with the server from outside the kubernetes cluster. After exposing the app, and opening it, it has caused the logs to grow in size, that is because there's a logging funciton within the server that prints out every incoming HTTP request along with a timestamp. Everytime the app is opened, the log increases, this is because opening the app sends a HTTP request to the app's server which triggers the log to write more message. 

2. Notice that there are two versions of `kubectl get` invocation during this tutorial section. The first does not have any option, while the latter has `-n` option with value set to `kube-system`. What is the purpose of the `-n` option and why did the output not list the pods/services that you
explicitly created?
the `-n` flag stands for namespaces, the command `kubectl get pods,services -n kube-system` is used to get all pods and services that have the 'kube-system' namespace. Our previous services and pods is under a different namespace ('default'). This is why the services/pods that I have previously explicitly created did not appear on the output.
